docs: Document defaultPersist=serial on int fields (#753)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/03-data-and-the-database/01-models/01-working-with-models.md

For enums, the persisted value follows the enum's serialization mode. A `byName` enum default is stored as the value's name, and a `byIndex` enum default is stored as its index, e.g. `0` for the first value.

> On an `int` field, `defaultPersist=serial` hands the value over to a database sequence (same used by an `int` `id` column). Because only the database can produce it, `serial` is rejected with `default` and `defaultModel`. On SQLite, it is only supported on the `id` column due to dialect limitations.

Reviewer: Suggestion: "same used by an `int` `id` column" is wrong on either reading. As "the same sequence" it is false, since each serial column gets its own. As "the same mechanism" it still misleads, because `postgres.dart:258` emits `bigserial` for the primary key and plain `serial` otherwise, so this column holds about 2.1 billion values where `id` holds far more.

```suggestion
On an `int` field, `defaultPersist=serial` hands the value to a database sequence, the same mechanism behind an `int` `id` column. The column is created as `serial` rather than the `bigserial` used for `id`, so it holds about 2.1 billion values. Because only the database can produce the value, `serial` is rejected with `default` and `defaultModel`. On SQLite, it is only supported on the `id` column due to dialect limitations.
```

Drop the range sentence if that is more detail than the section wants.

```yaml
class: Invoice
table: invoice
fields:

>   invoiceNumber: int, defaultPersist=serial

Reviewer: Suggestion: this example does not validate. `restrictions.dart:2786` errors when a field has only a `defaultPersist` and is non-nullable: "When setting only the \"defaultPersist\" key, its type should be nullable". The framework's passing fixture for this feature uses `syncVersion: int?, defaultPersist=serial`.

```suggestion
class: Invoice
table: invoice
fields:
  invoiceNumber: int?, defaultPersist=serial
```
